README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Rana [iamtheasad][youtube] 👋

[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA?label=%20Rana%20Javascript&logo=youtube&logoColor=red&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA?label=%20Rana%20Javascript%20Views&logo=youtube&logoColor=red&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]

<!-- [![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=codeSTACKr.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcodestackr.com)](https://codestackr.com) -->

[![facebook](https://img.shields.io/website?label=facebook.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com/iamtheasad)](https://facebook.com/iamtheasad)

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/iamtheasad?color=1d9bf0&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fiamtheasad&screen_name=iamtheasad)

## I'm a Developer and Teacher!!

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Sharetrip](https://sharetrip.net) as a Front-end Engineer
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascript
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [Sharetrip](https://sharetrip.net) Website
- 💬 Ask me about Javascript, css, html, gulp, scss, nunjucks
- ⚡ Fun fact: Prgramming is like a girl, I always wanna play with it.
- 🥅 2022 Goals:

      - Learn more about Javascript
      -- Learn Backend Technology
      --- Learn web3

### Connect with me:

[![website](./img/stackoverflow-dark.svg)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/7172189/iamtheasad)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/youtube-light.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/youtube-dark.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/twitter-light.svg)](https://twitter.com/iamtheasad#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/twitter-dark.svg)](https://twitter.com/iamtheasad#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/linkedin-light.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/linkedin-dark.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/instagram-light.svg)](https://instagram.com/aasaadrana#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/instagram-dark.svg)](https://instagram.com/aasaadrana#gh-dark-mode-only)

### Languages and Tools:

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gatsby/gatsby-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="./img/deno-light.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3369400/139448065-39a229ba-4b06-434b-bc67-616e2ed80c8f.png" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="./img/terminal-light.svg" />](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA#gh-light-mode-only)
[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="./img/terminal-dark.svg" />](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA#gh-light-mode-only#gh-dark-mode-only)

<br />
<br />

---

### 📺 Latest YouTube Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->

- [আমার মামা যখন ক্যামেরা গার্ল](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlViycNEIA)
- [How to send email using Gmail API &lpar;uses OAuth2 and nodemailer&rpar; | No Sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLE1XoKfqBQ)
- [JavaScript Nested Loop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sltjhrye7h8)
- [Javascript Comparison operator equal, not equal, less and greater than](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FX03nRQLXM)
- [How to create new JavaScript DOM Element? | Bangla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmn5hphTGO8)
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

➡️ [more videos...](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/)

---

### 📕 Latest Blog Posts From https://techblograna.wordpress.com/

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->

- [Sass Media Queries With Mixin](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/10/14/sass-media-queries-with-mixin/)
- [In Css Media Query Which css Unit You Shoul Use?](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/10/13/in-css-media-query-which-css-unit-you-shoul-use/)
- [Media Query Write With Javascript](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/09/23/media-query-write-with-javascript/)
- [How to copy text onclick function using jquery?](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/09/22/how-to-copy-text-onclick-function-using-jquery/)
- [Email Template List](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/07/11/email-template-list/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

➡️ [more blog posts...](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/)

---

<details>
  <summary>:zap: Recent GitHub Activity</summary>
  
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->

<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

</details>

<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="iamtheasad's GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=iamtheasad&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&title_color=ff652f&icon_color=FFE400&bg_color=09131B&text_color=ffffff&border_color=0c1a25" />

</details>

[github]: https://github.com/iamtheasad?tab=repositories
[website]: https://techblograna.wordpress.com/
[facebook]: http://facebook.com/iamtheasad
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/iamtheasad
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/iamtheasad
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad

<!-- [webdevplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAJ0WbEsFA9W3I1W-g_BTsbt
[jsplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALRJKu7wfXby3MKeflhTu6B
[cssplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALSdvZuEh6gqQdmDoDIoqz4
[reactplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAK4TdffpxKY3QGyHCpxFcQ0 -->

Commit message:

refactro: most language used in my projects

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Rana [iamtheasad][youtube] 👋

[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA?label=%20Rana%20Javascript&logo=youtube&logoColor=red&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA?label=%20Rana%20Javascript%20Views&logo=youtube&logoColor=red&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]

<!-- [![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=codeSTACKr.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcodestackr.com)](https://codestackr.com) -->

[![facebook](https://img.shields.io/website?label=facebook.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com/iamtheasad)](https://facebook.com/iamtheasad)

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/iamtheasad?color=1d9bf0&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fiamtheasad&screen_name=iamtheasad)

## I'm a Developer and Teacher!!

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Sharetrip](https://sharetrip.net) as a Front-end Engineer
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascript
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [Sharetrip](https://sharetrip.net) Website
- 💬 Ask me about Javascript, css, html, gulp, scss, nunjucks
- ⚡ Fun fact: Prgramming is like a girl, I always wanna play with it.
- 🥅 2022 Goals:

      - Learn more about Javascript
      -- Learn Backend Technology
      --- Learn web3

### Connect with me:

[![website](./img/stackoverflow-dark.svg)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/7172189/iamtheasad)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/youtube-light.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/youtube-dark.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/twitter-light.svg)](https://twitter.com/iamtheasad#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/twitter-dark.svg)](https://twitter.com/iamtheasad#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/linkedin-light.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/linkedin-dark.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad#gh-dark-mode-only)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](./img/instagram-light.svg)](https://instagram.com/aasaadrana#gh-light-mode-only)
[![website](./img/instagram-dark.svg)](https://instagram.com/aasaadrana#gh-dark-mode-only)

### Languages and Tools:

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]
[<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gatsby/gatsby-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="./img/deno-light.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

<!-- [<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />][webdevplaylist] -->

[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3369400/139448065-39a229ba-4b06-434b-bc67-616e2ed80c8f.png" style="padding-right:10px;" />][github]

[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="./img/terminal-light.svg" />](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA#gh-light-mode-only)
[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="./img/terminal-dark.svg" />](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA#gh-light-mode-only#gh-dark-mode-only)

<br />
<br />

---

### 📺 Latest YouTube Videos From My YouTube Channel

<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->

- [আমার মামা যখন ক্যামেরা গার্ল](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlViycNEIA)
- [How to send email using Gmail API &lpar;uses OAuth2 and nodemailer&rpar; | No Sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLE1XoKfqBQ)
- [JavaScript Nested Loop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sltjhrye7h8)
- [Javascript Comparison operator equal, not equal, less and greater than](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FX03nRQLXM)
- [How to create new JavaScript DOM Element? | Bangla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmn5hphTGO8)
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

➡️ [more videos...](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/)

---

### 📕 Latest Blog Posts From https://techblograna.wordpress.com/

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->

- [Sass Media Queries With Mixin](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/10/14/sass-media-queries-with-mixin/)
- [In Css Media Query Which css Unit You Shoul Use?](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/10/13/in-css-media-query-which-css-unit-you-shoul-use/)
- [Media Query Write With Javascript](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/09/23/media-query-write-with-javascript/)
- [How to copy text onclick function using jquery?](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/09/22/how-to-copy-text-onclick-function-using-jquery/)
- [Email Template List](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/2021/07/11/email-template-list/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

➡️ [more blog posts...](https://techblograna.wordpress.com/)

### Most Usel Languages In my Projects

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=iamtheasad&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/iamtheasad/github-readme-stats)

---

<details>
  <summary>:zap: Recent GitHub Activity</summary>
  
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->

<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

</details>

<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="iamtheasad's GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=iamtheasad&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&title_color=ff652f&icon_color=FFE400&bg_color=09131B&text_color=ffffff&border_color=0c1a25" />

</details>

[github]: https://github.com/iamtheasad?tab=repositories
[website]: https://techblograna.wordpress.com/
[facebook]: http://facebook.com/iamtheasad
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/iamtheasad
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSozulc9frdn-q8EPX4QwSA/
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/iamtheasad
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/iamtheasad

<!-- [webdevplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAJ0WbEsFA9W3I1W-g_BTsbt
[jsplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALRJKu7wfXby3MKeflhTu6B
[cssplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALSdvZuEh6gqQdmDoDIoqz4
[reactplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAK4TdffpxKY3QGyHCpxFcQ0 -->
